[简体中文](../../zh-CN/dataset/k400.md) | English
# Kinetics-400 Data Preparation
This document mainly introduces the preparation process of Kinetics-400(K400) dataset. 
It mainly includes three parts: Data Download, Extract the frames of the video file, Generate the path list for the frames and video files.

---

## 1. Data Download
For more information about the Kinetics, you can refer to its official website [Kinetics](https://deepmind.com/research/open-source/kinetics);
For the dataset download, you can refer to the [ActivityNet](https://github.com/activitynet/ActivityNet/tree/master/Crawler/Kinetics) ，which provides a download script. Furthermore,considering the difficulty in downloading K400 dataset, 
we upload the video files to Baidu cloud disk in the form of zip packages, and users can download it by themselves according to their needs.
The total dataset needs about 135G storage space. [Link]() <sup>coming soon</sup>


---
## 2. Extract the frames of the video file
To speed up the network training, we first extract frames from video files. Compared to the way of training through video files, training by frames could accelerate the training process significantly.

You can use the following command to extract the frames of video files.
```python
python extract_rawframes.py ./videos/ ./rawframes/ --level 2 --ext mp4
```
After the video frames are extracted, they will be stored in the path of './rawframes', which can be specified by the user, with a size of about 2T.

---

## 3. Generate the path list for the frames and video files
The path List file of video and frames of dataset will be provided to users directly through Baidu cloud disk，[Link]() <sup>coming soon</sup>。